RDAPI-22861 yamles ref as selector warning (#1547)
Axway/axway-open-docs: content/en/docs/apim_yamles/apim_yamles_references/yamles_known_validation_errors.md

If you are validating a configuration project that points to entities that are contained in another project, that will be merged together later. You can use the `--allow-invalid-ref` parameter to downgrade these issues from an ERROR to a WARNING in the trace file. The same message with a severity of WARNING will show in this case.

## Reference field refers to a selector

**Severity**:  WARNING

`entity=/Environment Configuration/Services/5555, type=SSLInterface, field='serverCert', file=/home/user/yaml/Environment Configuration/Services/5555.yaml, message='${env.SSL.CERT} is used as a reference. Make sure envSettings.props or system.properties is populated accordingly'`

> A shorthand key must be set in `envSettings.props` for `env.SSL.CERT`. e.g `env.SSL.CERT=/[Certificates]name=Certificate Store/[Certificate]dname=O=listener\,CN=localhost` in that case the gateway will pick up the certificate at load-time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A shorthand key must be set in `envSettings.props` for `env.SSL.CERT`. e.g `env.SSL.CERT=/[Certificates]name=Certificate Store/[Certificate]dname=O=listener\,CN=localhost` in that case the gateway will pick up the certificate at load-time. If a selector starts with `${system.`  add a setting to the `system.properties` file.
```

> This allows users to environmentalize a certificate for a given instance rather than on a configuration basis. Note this applies also to `system.properties` file with `${system.xyz}`. This feature is not YAML specific.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This allows users to environmentalize a certificate for a given instance rather than for the entire API Gateway group which shares the same configuration.
```
